doc: Update init and reduce-traffic docs for -blocksonly (#18391)
bitcoin/bitcoin: doc/reduce-traffic.md

## 2. Disable "listening" (`-listen=0`)

> Disabling listening will result in fewer nodes connected (remember the maximum of 10

Reviewer: Line `6` also has the outdated number.

Reviewer 2: Yup, might want to change the number of peers (and the composition: 8 full outgoing connections and two blocks-only).

Author: > Yup, might want to change the number of outgoing peers there (and mention the composition: 8 full outgoing connections and two blocks-only).

This would probably mean that the max connection now is 127, since we have 10 outgoing and 117 incoming?

Reviewer 3: No, DEFAULT_MAX_PEER_CONNECTIONS is still 125

  wallet is loaded or if you use the node to broadcast transactions.
- It makes block propagation slower because compact block relay can only be
  used when transaction relay is enabled.

> - This setting sets the flag "-walletbroadcast" to be "0", if it is currently

Reviewer 3: It could probably make sense to move up this bullet point to after the second bullet point, since they are related.

>   set to "1", which disables the automatic broadcasting of transactions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  unset, which disables the automatic broadcasting of transactions
```

The argument is set "softly", see also https://doxygen.bitcoincore.org/class_args_manager.html#ae77153300424d36e02e54f2c718a457f

Author: Ah got it. Thanks!

Author: I still have a clarifying question about "softset". My understanding is that this param interaction is not guranteed to happen. It would only happen if the setting was not manually set already by the user. 

Therefore, If the user sets -walletbroadcast to 1 first, and later sets -blocksonly to 0, this would effectively means that 1) -walletbroadcast will not be set to 0 and 2) all transaction broadcast happens normally?

Reviewer 3: > Therefore, If the user sets -walletbroadcast to 1 first, and later sets -blocksonly to 0, this would effectively means that 1) -walletbroadcast will not be set to 0 and 2) all transaction broadcast happens normally?

Yes.

>   from inbound peers. If a peer is whitelisted, and "-whitelistforcerelay" is

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  from the wallet. If a peer is whitelisted, and "-whitelistforcerelay" is
```

Author: sorry if this is a super naive question...my understanding is transactions from inbound peers and wallet transactions are two different concepts. So actually both of them not relayed when -blocksonly mode is turned on?

Reviewer 3: Yes, but walletbroadcast is a wallet specific setting and does not control incoming traffic, only outgoing (broadcast)
I think it could help to split the walletbroadcast and whitelist settings in two bullet points.
